To install from sources you need several additional modules:

   sclf
   net4cl
   mime4cl
   smtp4cl
   cl-ppcre (http://www.weitz.de/cl-ppcre/)

Once all the dependencies have been installed in the usual way do:

   $ make
   $ su
   # make install

Once installed you need to write your ~/.clpmr.conf and edit your
~/.forward file.  There is a sample configuration in
/usr/local/etc/clpmr.conf.sample.  The .forward file should contain
this line and nothing else:

   "| /usr/local/bin/clpmr"

At this point send yourself a test message to check CLPMR doesn't
throw away your mail:

   date | Mail -s test $USER

The program keeps a compiled version of your configuration file to
speed up the start up procedure.  It is automaticlly updated every
time you modify .clpmr.conf.  You should should expect seeing
something like a .clpmr.x86f in your home directory.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The architecture of this program is split in two parts.  A client that
is called as final stage of the delivery process (as per ~/.forward
file) and a Common Lisp server which is responsible for the actual
processing of the messages.

The client is a very small C program that simply connects to a server
socket to forward the mail message for processing and delivery.  If
the server is not running it's the client's responsibility to start
it.

The server, upon start up opens a Unix domain socket from which to
serve the client connections.  The sessions are very simple: each
client connects to forward one single mail message and then it closes
the connection.  No protocol is involved in this transmission.  After
some time of inactivity (no more connecting clients) the server exits,
freeing up precious memory.

This simple architecture has a number of advantages:

 - the client starts instantaneously

 - the server is started only once for each "burst" of e-mail
   messages, limiting the cost of starting a Common Lisp image to only
   the first message of the batch

 - only one instance of the Lisp run-time system is run at every moment
   (for each user)


CLPMR has been tested on CMUCL, although care has been taken to keep
compatibility with other Lisp systems.

Thanks to Aurelio Bignoli for his help in debugging CLPMR under CLISP
and Linux.
